README.md, before:

# Iris
A one-stop social media manger for posting to Facebook and Twitter.

## Live Playground

For example of the social media manager in action, go to https://herokuapp.com/iris.

OR

To run that demo on your own computer:

- Clone this repository
- `npm install`
- Visit http://localhost:3000/

## Team

This project is created by the following members from Oasis72 at Hack Reactor.
  - Apruva Shastry ([@apurvaaa](https://github.com/apurvaaa))
  - Eugene Shifrin ([@eshifrin](https://github.com/eshifrin))
  - Gary Wong ([@gary-w](https://github.com/gary-w))

## Table of Contents

  1. [Features](#features)
  2. [Architecture Overview](#architecture-overview)
    1. [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    2. [System Architecture](#system-architecture)
    3. [Database Schemas](#database-schemas)
  3. [Contributing](#contributing)
  4. [Useful Commands](#useful-commands)

## Features

Login.

* **

## Architecture Overview

## Tech Stack

The front-end is written in React and Redux, and the back-end uses Node/Express and a Mongo database, with Mongoose as the ORM.

## System Architecture

## Database Schemas

There are two main entities in the database: **users** and **posts**.

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute to this repo, please feel free to submit a pull request.

## Requirements

- Node 6.4.x
- Redis 2.6.x
- Postgresql 9.1.x
- etc
- etc

## Getting Started
### Installing Dependencies

From within the root directory:

```
npm install
```

### Include .env variables
```
AUTH0_CLIENT_ID
AUTH0_DOMAIN
AUTH0_CLIENT_SECRET
CLOUDINARY_CLOUD_NAME
CLOUDINARY_API_KEY
CLOUDINARY_API_SECRET
TW_KEY
TW_SECRET
FB_ID
FB_SECRET
```

### Roadmap

View the project roadmap [here](LINK_TO_DOC)


## Copyright & License 

Copyright (c) 2017 Oasis72 - Released under the [MIT license](LICENSE).

Commit message:

(readme) Reorganize getting started section

README.md, after:

# Iris
A one-stop social media manger for posting to Facebook and Twitter.

## Live Playground

For example of the social media manager in action, go to https://herokuapp.com/iris.

OR

To run that demo on your own computer:

- Clone this repository
- `npm install`
- Visit http://localhost:3000/

## Team

This project is created by the following members from Oasis72 at Hack Reactor.
  - Apruva Shastry ([@apurvaaa](https://github.com/apurvaaa))
  - Eugene Shifrin ([@eshifrin](https://github.com/eshifrin))
  - Gary Wong ([@gary-w](https://github.com/gary-w))

## Table of Contents

  1. [Features](#features)
  2. [Architecture Overview](#architecture-overview)
    1. [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    2. [System Architecture](#system-architecture)
    3. [Database Schemas](#database-schemas)
  3. [Contributing](#contributing)
  4. [Useful Commands](#useful-commands)

## Features

Login.

* **

## Architecture Overview

## Tech Stack

The front-end is written in React and Redux, and the back-end uses Node/Express and a Mongo database, with Mongoose as the ORM.

## System Architecture

## Database Schemas

There are two main entities in the database: **users** and **posts**.

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute to this repo, here are all th steps you need to get started.

### Installing Dependencies

From within the root directory:

```
npm install
```

### Include .env variables
```
AUTH0_CLIENT_ID
AUTH0_DOMAIN
AUTH0_CLIENT_SECRET
CLOUDINARY_CLOUD_NAME
CLOUDINARY_API_KEY
CLOUDINARY_API_SECRET
TW_KEY
TW_SECRET
FB_ID
FB_SECRET
```

## Copyright & License 

Copyright (c) 2017 Oasis72 - Released under the [MIT license](LICENSE).
